---
title: 美赛小分析文章(1)
date: 2021-02-21 16:05:21
tags: 美赛
categories: 2021年美赛
---



# 美赛模拟赛或正赛中的一个小模块~

---



<!--more-->



# A letter

First, it's a discussion about the dragon's . We analyzed the food consumption of the dragon. Through the world's existing animal Komodo dragon that matches the characteristics of the dragon, we analyze and fit the food consumption of the dragon in your novel. Finally, it is speculated that a dragon can eat 1500-1800 sheep in a month, which is roughly consistent with the setting in your novel. At the same time, we use the relevant knowledge of biology, using the classic logistic model and specially adjusted for the dragon. Through the modified model, we analyzed the weight and territory area of the dragon. Finally, it is concluded that the territory area of one dragon is about 700 square kilometers. In the setting of your novel, Valeria had 300 dragons before the end. But Valeria is only an island about the size of England, which we don't think is reasonable. In terms of territory area, the survival area of 300 dragons is much larger than that of ValleyA, not to mention the production and life of the island residents. After the end of the day, the number of dragons decreased sharply, and the distribution of dragons was more scattered, and the territory was enough to support them. We think that the setting of novels after the end of the day is more reasonable than that before the end of the day.



Secondly, about the climate in the novel, we select the climate of many cities in the world for relevant analysis, and compare with the climate and temperature zone of the continent of westero in the novel. We use the methods of principal component analysis to ensure that the main factors affecting the climate are considered. We find that there are some irrationalities. In the novel, Donne and hewandi are located in two areas of the same latitude. The climate of these two areas is tropical desert climate and subtropical climate respectively. But in geography, these two kinds of climate should not appear in the same latitude. On the basis of the above analysis and research, we combine the living environment of the dragon for further analysis, and draw a conclusion: the Dragon mainly lives between 30 and 40 degrees north latitude. This is also the most suitable latitude for human survival.



Thirdly, we are very interested in the setting of dragon fire in your works, and have a detailed analysis of this aspect. As you mentioned in your works, dragon flame has many different colors. We analyze the relationship between flame color and temperature in the real world. After comparing with the colors of different dragons in your novels, we find that the temperature of some dragons is only 1200 degrees Celsius, but some of them reach 6000 degrees Celsius or even 10000 degrees Celsius. It takes a lot of energy to reach this temperature, and it hardly happens in the display world. This is one of the irrationalities. In the setting of your novel, the Dragon likes to eat cooked food. Based on the comprehensive analysis of the daily food consumption of the dragon, which is about 50 sheep, the energy consumption required for the dragon to roast 50 sheep a day is equivalent to the heat generated by the combustion of 150-180kg natural gas. According to our estimation, this is roughly equivalent to the power of a small thermal power station. Is there any unreasonable setting?



Finally, through our analysis, the maximum latitude range of the dragon can survive is only about 66.5 degrees, and then up is the frigid zone, so the dragon can not survive in this climate, which is consistent with the fact that the dragon only lives in the temperate zone and tropical zone in the novel. In addition to the large amount of energy consumed during the flight, the food intake and weight of the dragon will also change significantly. When a dragon moves from a tropical region with an average temperature of 25 degrees to a temperate region with an average temperature of 10 degrees, its energy intake will increase by 40%. If it moves to a frigid region below minus 10 degrees, its energy intake will increase by more than 60%. After drawing the correlation curve, we found that as the Dragon moved from the warm area to the cold area, the energy consumption increased greatly and the weight decreased greatly, which verified the setting that the Dragon could not survive in the cold zone for a long time.

​		